The son of the Pangu Group
He can't be mistaken, can he?
Then I'm here today.
Sir, wait a minute, let's go have a drink
get to know
There is no reason for the woman who delivers it to the door
Put him to sleep first
Sure. What about me?
I want to meet you too.
Fu doctor Li Yangchen lost face at the banquet
You're going to get me in trouble tonight
I'm going to get some things and go to my best friend's place to stay
Can you please drive me again later?
Certainly!
I'll accompany you upstairs.
Ok you bitch
It's not divorced yet
You bring back the man outside
Only you are allowed to cheat
I'm not allowed to bring men home
You, Yang Chen
I have seen this man
He's an ophthalmologist at Fengcheng Hospital
We went to the hospital to visit housekeeper Chen who was hospitalized before.
The project also slapped him in the face
I was surprised
Now it seems that they have long since stopped fighting together